* Examples

This directory contains some examples of using ~ssh2-sftp-client~. In many
cases, these examples are the result of issues logged by users and represent my
implementation of a script to reproduce the issue. By far, the largest group of
issues currently logged against this module represent misuse of either the
module or the underlying Promise and async/await technologies. It is hoped that
by providing these examples, users will see how to use the module and reduce the
logging of issues. 

Intuitively, this high number of usage issues would indicate the API
documentation is not clear enough or the API itself is confusing. If you believe
this is the case, please let me know. Additional documentation or improvements
to the current documentation will always be welcome. 

** Running The Examples

I use the ~dotenv~ module to manage my configuration. Most of these examples
will use this module to manage connection credentials. Essentially, you need to
put the connection details in a file called ~.env~ in the root of the
repository. At a minimum, this file needs the SFTP host name, user name for the
connection and password. Other information can also be added to the file. The
values you add to this file are accessible in your script as environment
variables, using the ~process.env~ object. A simple example might be

#+begin_src conf
  SFTP_SERVER=example.com
  SFTP_USER=sftp-user
  SFTP_PASSWORD='a secret'
  SFTP_URL='/path/to/remote/server/data'
  LOCAL_URL='/path/to/local/host/data'

#+end_src

Once you have a ~.env~ file configured, most of the script can be run with 

 #+begin_example
node script.js <args> 
#+end_example

It may be necessary to look at the scripts to determine if they expect any
command line arguments. 

** Warning

This scripts are simple examples. They are not robust and may not even be
correct. Some may only work with older versions of the module. Despite this, I
think they can still be useful and provide some hints or additional clues
regarding use of the ~ssh2-sftp-client~ module. 

If you find bugs or problems with any of these examples, feel free to submit
pull requests which fix the issue. Likewise, if you comeup with something that
you feel others might find useful, feel free to submit it for inclusion. 
